25 years of marriage and you have
nothing to say I'll just say it I slept
with someone you're getting a divorce
yeah
Amy heard you crying in the bathroom we
all thought it was cancer Oh fine can I
buy you a drink
let's gotta get out of here I do there's
lots of beautiful women in this bar but
I can't take my eyes off you
I'm gonna go oh it's forward of you but
okay should I pull the car around have
you been drinking I'll Drive your wife
cheated on you because you lost sight of
who you are as a man which take that
straw to your mouth it looks like you're
sucking on it okay you're sitting there
with a supercut haircut and you're
wearing a 44 and you should be wearing
42 regular
credit card where your wallets what you
gotta take control your manhood pal put
us close please sorry this bothering you
beautiful I want to show you off to my
ex-wife speaker really just
I met a girl and she is a game changer
she's your soul mate right go get her
back Wow how old are you
I'm in love with our and I don't know
what to do about it
[Music]
I don't know when you and I stopped
being us now when I told you that I had
to work late I really went to see the
new Twilight movie by myself
but it was so bad
[Music]
take off your shirt why are you sure
seriously it's like you're photoshopped
[Music]